[MUSIC]
Welcome back.
As promised, I'm back to get you
started with your first week's lessons.
Before we teach you how to
solve problems using Excel,
we need to make sure you're using
Excel in the most effective way.
While many of you may already be
familiar with Excel and its functions,
we want to make sure that all of you
get the most out of this course and
that you are all starting with the same
baseline knowledge as we move forward.
Even if you're already experienced with
Excel, I encourage you to go through all
of these instructions as you will
probably learn some new functions and
have a chance to review
those you already use.
We're going to start with
general navigation within Excel.
Then we're going to move into formulas and
how they're used.
You know,
there are a lot of functions in Excel,
but there's probably ten critical
functions that you really need to know.
We'll teach what those are and
how best to use them.
Following formulas, we're going to look
at some other functions, like paste,
cell locking, named ranges,
traceability and sub-total.
We'll finish out the week with
a look at text formatting.
After we've gone over all of these tools
and functions, you'll be given an exercise
to complete in order to practice and
demonstrate what you've learned.
My colleagues will be guiding you through
each of these topics, so don't worry.
Following their guided demonstrations,
you'll be given a chance to practice
in an Excel workbook and
to demonstrate what you've learned.
Each topic builds on the last, so
be sure to work your way
through the lessons in order.
When I first started working with Excel I
quickly realized what a powerful program
it is.
But it took a lot of practice.
Enjoy the lessons and
the exercises presented this week.
I'll be back next week as we begin
to dive deeper into Excel together.
Thanks for joining me.
[SOUND]